The Army's Royal DeBoard.
Considerable time was spent in questioning about this alleged threat to smear Roy M. Cove.
Steven said to have led the McCarthy Committee,
the opinion members of the Royal DeBoard would have violated a presidential directive and there was considerable questioning and cross-examination of this point.
Much of this afternoon's session, more than an hour, in fact was consumed with legal maneuverings to qualify a proposed press release drafted by the Army last October 19, dealing with the investigation at Fort Martha.
The mutual network has been bringing you this on the spot coverage direct from the caucus room in the Senate Office Building in Washington before the Senate subcommittee on investigation.
The mutual network for news will be back tomorrow with more than the spot coverage of these hearings over many of these stations.
And remember, at 10.30 o'clock tonight, Eastern Daylight Time, we will again present transcribed highlights of today's testimony over many of these same mutual stations.
This is Evan Hollins of Mutuals News staff in Washington. This is the Mutual Broadcasting System.
You